Notes

2. Push Home button in header
3. Push italics in pages
4. Push sortable bid tables
5. Push round numbers
6. Push last pledge showing
7. Push route downcasing


Navbar?

Add other math to form/show
Add flesh forms--new model with environment and perk selected, can have as many as want but check cap at submission, alert beforehand
fix flash notices on submission
Reorder character show and edit pages
implement dryad regency stuff
fix leftover points

Tool and regency forms


.sort_by{|ability| [ability_category(ability)[0],
    ability_category(ability)[1], ability_category(ability)[2], ability_category(ability)[3],
    (ability.empty? ? 0 : ability.to_i) ]} %>

Math in auction

send email on reject/approve

printable sheets for tools, regencies, characters
(Admin and player)

Allow editing of character_system description only

Refactor auction code

Fix Losing single character on table import
Add "Edit as plain text"

in game app
--> Which Tools equipped and how much Edge granted
--> Power cool-down
--> Damage for self and Tools



RULES NOTES

Overall:
Target with a capital
The World page

Battle Ready: Celfiro bit, equipping Tools?
CHECK Level links (Level not Levels)
Charges?
encounter versus combat
Combine Resources and Fundamentals?
Combat Example
--Stopped at Cunning

--Didn't finish Cunning but started Destiny
Cooldown is not clarified--Resources??
Clarify stuff in Destiny

Should Improved Wisp let you exceed 3 ability cap?



In a Combat, each round, Fae will declare actions and the Arbiter will resolve them. Actions form a stack--the last declared action of a round will be the first resolved.

The order of declaration is determined by Cunning Initiative (which is equal to the Fae's Cunning Rank) with ties broken by Luck. The Fae with the lowest Initiative (largest number Rank) will declare first, and then the next lowest Initiative, and so forth until the Fae with highest Rank in Cunning (smallest number Rank) present declares. Then, the Arbiter will begin to resolve actions starting with the last action declared.

If an action is about to be resolved and the Fae no longer wants to take that action based on what was already resolved, the Fae may decide to Abandon the action if they have not been Disrupted. In that case, they will receive a refund of 1 Fate token if they spent Fate tokens on the action that round.

Because Fae may have bought up Ranks in Cunning after the Auction, a good Arbiter should count up using half-Ranks during declaration every round to allow people who are hiding their bought-up Ranks to pretend to be at any intermediate Rank between their original and their final Rank. Whenever two Fae would declare at the same time, the Fae who declares first is the person with lower Luck. The order of declaration is always mirrored to be the order of resolution, regardless of the Fae's final Cunning Initiative.

Fae declaring later (i.e. those with better Cunning Initiative) may ask about contents of Fae of worse Initiative's Secret Actions. Answers from the Arbiter will depend on the action and on the Aspects and Gifts of the asking Fae.
